[docs][chart] Add docs information for Legend HTML (#17502)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-charts-v7/migration-charts-v7.md

- The `xAxisKey`, `yAxisKey`, and `zAxisKey` have been renamed `xAxisId`, `yAxisId`, and `zAxisId`.
- The `highlighted` and `faded` properties of `series.highlightScope` have been renamed `highlight` and `fade`.

## Legend modification

### Legend is now an HTML element

The `ChartsLegend` is now an HTML component.

> This make it simpler to customize but prevent from using the `ChartContainer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it simpler to customize the legend, but it can no longer be rendered as a descendant of the `ChartContainer`.
```

> This make it simpler to customize but prevent from using the `ChartContainer`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This make it simpler to customize but now it can't be used as a children of the `ChartContainer`.
```

> I must be inside the Data Provider to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It must be inside the Data Provider to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element anymore.
```

> It must be inside the Data Provider to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It must be rendered inside the `ChartDataProvider` to get the data, but outside the `ChartsSurface` since it's not an SVG element.
```

Author: I avoid the `ChartDataProvider` because we also have the `ChartDataProviderPro` and `RadarDataProvider` so I prefered the "Data Provider" to say "Pick the one that feet you need"

```diff
-<ChartContainer>
+<ChartDataProvider>
   <ChartsLegend />
+  <ChartSurface>
     <BarPlot />
+  </ChartSurface>
+<ChartDataProvider>
-</ChartContainer>
```

> See [HTML-components](/x/react-charts/components/#html-components) documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [HTML components](/x/react-charts/components/#html-components) documentation for more information.
```
